Object freeze is one way to deal with the shortcomings of const,
to ensure that objects cannot be changed.
This is the Mozilla definition of object freeze:
"A frozen object can no longer be changed.
A frozen object can have no properties added to it,
removed from it, or its values edited.
It effectively makes an immutable object."
In this example, I have an object declared as a const.
But even though this is a const,
I can actually update values in
the object as long as I don't replace the object, const'll let me do it.
So if I run this code,
you'll see that I can indeed update the current season.
But if I freeze the object and run it again,
we get an error, because you cannot update any value on a frozen object.